Refresh of Your first green build (#6449)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/getting-started.md

{:.no_toc}

* Some basic knowledge of Git.
* A GitHub or Bitbucket account. We will use GitHub in this guide but you can follow the equivalent steps for Bitbucket if necessary.
* An account on CircleCI, connected to your version control system. If you do not already have an account, visit the [Signup page](https://circleci.com/signup/) to create one (optional: read through the [Sign Up & Try]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/first-steps/) instructions).
* Prior experience using the terminal or command line is helpful, as well as some basic `bash` knowledge.

## Create a repository
{: #creating-a-repository }

1. Log in to GitHub and begin the process to [create a new repository](https://github.com/new).
1. Enter a name for your repository (for example, `hello-world`).
1. Select the option to initialize the repository with a README file.
1. Finally, click **Create repository**.

There is no need to add any source code for now.

## Setting up CircleCI
{: #setting-up-circleci }

1. Navigate to the CircleCI [Projects Page](https://app.circleci.com/projects/). If you created your new repository under an organization, you will need to select the organization name.

> 1. You'll be taken to the Projects dashboard. On the dashboard, select the project you want to set up (`hello-world`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be taken to the Projects dashboard. On the dashboard, select the project you want to set up (`hello-world`).
```

> 1. You'll be taken to the Projects dashboard. On the dashboard, select the project you want to set up (`hello-world`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. You will be directed to the Projects dashboard. On the dashboard, select the project you want to set up (`hello-world`).
```

1. Select the option to commit a starter CI pipeline to a new branch, and click **Set Up Project**. This will create a file `.circleci/config.yml` at the root of your repository on a new branch called `circleci-project-setup`.

> Congratulations! You should soon have your first green build. If you are happy with this configuration, you can merge it into your main branch later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You will soon have your first green build. If you are happy with this configuration, you can merge it into your main branch later.
```

  1. Spin up environment
  2. Preparing environment variables
  3. Checkout code
  4. Say hello

Every job is made up of a series of steps. Some steps, like [`checkout`]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference/#checkout) are special, reserved commands in CircleCI. The example config uses both the reserved `checkout` and [`run`]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference/#run) steps. Custom steps can also be defined within a job to achieve a user-specified purpose.

Even though there is no actual source code in your repo, and no actual tests
configured in your `.circleci/config.yml`, CircleCI considers your build to have
succeeded because all steps completed successfully (returned an [exit
code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exit_status) of 0). Most projects are far
more complicated, oftentimes with multiple Docker images and multiple steps,
including a large number of tests. You can learn more about all the possible
steps one may put in a `.circleci/config.yml` file in the [Configuration
Reference](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference).

### Breaking your build!
{: #breaking-your-build }
{:.no_toc}

> In this section, you'll edit the `.circleci/config.yml` file and see what happens if a build does not complete successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you will edit the `.circleci/config.yml` file and see what happens if a build does not complete successfully.
```

> In this section, you'll edit the `.circleci/config.yml` file and see what happens if a build does not complete successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, you will edit the `.circleci/config.yml` file and see what happens if a build does not complete successfully.
```

```

Commit your change, then return to the Projects page
in CircleCI. You should see a new pipeline running... and it will fail! What's going on?

> The Node orb runs some common Node tasks. Since you are working with an empty

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Node orb runs some common Node tasks. Because you are working with an empty
```

repository, running `npm run test`, a Node script, causes the configuration to

> fail. To fix this, you would need to set up a Node project in your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fail. To fix this, you need to set up a Node project in your
```

   ```

1. Commit these changes to your repository and navigate back to the

>     CircleCI Pipelines page. You should see your pipeline running.

Reviewer: I'm going to just mark this last example I see, but we may want to go back and bold the pages and tabs we reference in the UI since that's something we've been doing to indicate the user needs to be in the UI. Like **Pipelines** page / **Projects** page.

            - one
```

> Read more about workspaces [here]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/workflows/#using-workspaces-to-share-data-among-jobs).

Reviewer: Maybe @rosieyohannan can confirm, but I think if we're going to edit these, we want to avoid using "here" as the link word and re-phrase to link the associated word to the page like "Workspaces"

Author: @devinmarieb oh no you're right - I'll update it. Thanks!
